Upgraded CC to 2.0.108 (#3173)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* Remove deprecated `Kafka.spec.topicOperator` classes and deployment logic
* Use Java 11 as the Java runtime

> * Upgrade to Cruise Control version 2.0.108

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is worth mentioning. If something, I would probably rather mention what makes this upgrade interesting for users.

Reviewer 2: Worth mentioning that they no longer need to create the `strimzi.cruisecontrol.metrics` topic before deployment if `auto.create.topics.enable: false` is configured.

> * Removed the need to manually create Cruise Control  metrics topics if topic auto creation is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the need to manually create Cruise Control metrics topics if topic auto creation is disabled.
```

> * Upgraded to Cruise Control version 2.0.108 - This removes the need to manually create metrics topics if topic auto creation is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove the needto manually create Cruise Control topics if topic auto creation is disabled.
```

Author: Why is the version of the upstream system not relevant?

Reviewer: And why is it relevant? Especially with the weird CC versioning and the version change being patch only, for most people it is meaning less.

Author: Well it is a _log_ of changes and this is a change? Maybe the users can decide for themselves if the version number is important info or not? 

If you feel that strongly about it I will take it out. But I don't think we have the CC version documented anywhere (other than the upstream poms) so we should probably add it to the docs somewhere?

Reviewer: I feel strongly about it. We do not document there patch versions of Zookeeper, minor versions of Fabric8 or Vert.x updates etc.
